---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsteam_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-awsteam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a data source for AWS TEAM Settings
---

# awsteam_settings (Data Source)

Provides a data source for AWS TEAM Settings

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "awsteam_setting_settings" "this" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `approval` (Boolean) If disabled, approval will not be required for all elevated access requests. If enabled, approval requirement is managed in eligibility policy configuration.
- `comments` (Boolean) Determines if comment field is mandatory for all elevated access requests.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the setting was created
- `duration` (Number) Default maximum request duration in hours.
- `expiry` (Number) Number of time in hours before an unapproved TEAM request expires.
- `id` (String) Settings identifier.
- `modified_by` (String) The user to last modify the settings
- `ses_notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Enable sending notifications via Amazon SES.
- `ses_source_arn` (String) ARN of a verified SES identity in another AWS account. Must be configured to authorize sending mail from the TEAM account.
- `ses_source_email` (String) Email address to send notifications from. Must be verified in SES.
- `slack_notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Enable to send notifications directly to users in Slack via a Slack bot app.
- `slack_token` (String) Slack OAuth token associated with the installed app.
- `sns_notifications_enabled` (Boolean) Send notifications via Amazon SNS. Once enabled, create a subscription to the SNS topic (TeamNotifications-main) in the TEAM account.
- `team_admin_group` (String) Group of users responsible for managing TEAM administrative configurations
- `team_auditor_group` (String) Group of users allowed to audit TEAM elevated access requests
- `ticket_no` (Boolean) Determines if ticket number field is mandatory for elevated access requests
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time of the last time the settings were updated
