---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsteam Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The awsteam provider enables managing the configuration of Temporary elevated access management (TEAM) for AWS IAM Identity Center with terraform.
  To use this provider, follow the instructions to enable machine authentication https://aws-samples.github.io/iam-identity-center-team/docs/deployment/configuration/cognito_machine_auth.html on your TEAM deployment and retrieve the details of your deployment to be used for configuring this provider.
---

# awsteam Provider

The `awsteam` provider enables managing the configuration of Temporary elevated access management (TEAM) for AWS IAM Identity Center with terraform.

To use this provider, follow the [instructions to enable machine authentication](https://aws-samples.github.io/iam-identity-center-team/docs/deployment/configuration/cognito_machine_auth.html) on your TEAM deployment and retrieve the details of your deployment to be used for configuring this provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "awsteam" {
  token_endpoint = "https://my.token.endpoint/oauth2/token"
  graph_endpoint = "https://my.graph.endpoint/graphql"
  client_id      = "MyClientID"
  client_secret  = "MyClientSecret"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `client_id` (String) The client id for authenticating to the oauth2 token endpoint. This can also be defined by setting the `AWSTEAM_CLIENT_ID` environment variable. Attribute is required when not configured via environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for authenticating to the oauth2 token endpoint. This can also be defined by setting the `AWSTEAM_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variable. Attribute is required when not configured via environment variable.
- `graph_endpoint` (String) The graph endpoint for the AWS TEAM deployment. This can also be defined by setting the `AWSTEAM_GRAPH_ENDPOINT` environment variable. Attribute is required when not configured via environment variable.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The token endpoint for the oath2 authenticator for AWS TEAMS. This can also be defined by setting the `AWSTEAM_TOKEN_ENDPOINT` environment variable. Attribute is required when not configured via environment variable.
