---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "awsteam_eligibility_user Resource - terraform-provider-awsteam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Allows configuration of eligibility policies for an aws iam identity center user account within an AWS TEAM deployment.
---

# awsteam_eligibility_user (Resource)

Allows configuration of eligibility policies for an aws iam identity center user account within an AWS TEAM deployment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "awsteam_eligibility_user" "example" {
  user_name         = "my-user@contoso.com"
  approval_required = true
  duration          = 5
  accounts = [
    {
      account_id   = 123456789012
      account_name = "My-aws-account"
    }
  ]
  ous = [
    {
      ou_id   = "ou-cxt3-2782ty5g"
      ou_name = "my-ou"
    }
  ]
  permissions = [
    {
      permission_arn  = "arn:aws:sso:::permissionSet/ssoins-4334d1f197f50907/ps-f5ge203d3d2428d3"
      permission_name = "elevated-permission"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `approval_required` (Boolean) Determines if approval is required for elevated access
- `duration` (Number) The maximum elevated access request duration in hours.
- `permissions` (Attributes Set) A list of AWS permission sets for the eligibility policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))
- `user_name` (String) Name of the AWS iam identity center user the eligibility policy will be applied to.

### Optional

- `accounts` (Attributes Set) A list of AWS accounts the eligibility will apply to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--accounts))
- `ous` (Attributes Set) A list of AWS OUs the eligibility will apply to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ous))
- `ticket_no` (String) The Change Management system ticket system number.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time that the item was created
- `id` (String) The UUID of the eligibility.
- `modified_by` (String) The user to last modify the item
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time of the last time the item was updated

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `permission_arn` (String) The ARN of the permission for the eligibility policy. This needs to match the ARN of the name provided in name.
- `permission_name` (String) Name of the permission for the eligibility policy. This needs to match the name of the ARN provided in ARN.


<a id="nestedatt--accounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `accounts`

Required:

- `account_id` (Number) The AWS account id the eligibility policy will be applied to. This needs to match the account id of the name provided in account_name.
- `account_name` (String) Name of the AWS account the eligibility policy will be applied to. This needs to match the name of the account number provided in account_id.


<a id="nestedatt--ous"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ous`

Required:

- `ou_id` (String) Id of the OU the eligibility policy will be applied to. This needs to match the id of the name provided in ou_name.
- `ou_name` (String) Name of the OU the eligibility policy will be applied to. This needs to match the name of the id provided in ou_id.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using id
terraform import awsteam_eligibility_user.example 2b687f53-78bc-47f6-a51a-d992e2c65f5e
```
